# Q0: Why is this error being thrown?
There is no Pokemon model.

# Q1: How are the random Pokemon appearing? What is the common factor between all the possible Pokemon that appear? *
A new wild pokemon is being generated by the index method in the home controller everytime the homepage is loaded.
They are all trainerless pokemon.

# Question 2a: What does the following line do "<%= button_to "Throw a Pokeball!", capture_path(id: @pokemon), :class => "button medium", :method => :patch %>"? Be specific about what "capture_path(id: @pokemon)" is doing. If you're having trouble, look at the Help section in the README.
It creates a button labeled "Throw a Pokeball!" that creates a PATCH request to the capture path/method. It takes in the id of the pokemon as a parameter in the capture method so that it can set that pokemon's trainer to the currently logged in trainer.

# Question 3: What would you name your own Pokemon?
Esteban Julio Ricardo Montoya de la Rosa Ramirez

# Question 4: What did you pass into the redirect_to? If it is a path, what did that path need? If it is not a path, why is it okay not to have a path here?
trainers_path, which needs to take in the pokemon's trainer id as a parameter

# Question 5: Explain how putting this line "flash[:error] = @pokemon.errors.full_messages.to_sentence" shows error messages on your form.
flash is a variable where we can store anything in, and the page loops through everything stored in flash and renders it as a message.

# Give us feedback on the project and decal below!

# Extra credit: Link your Heroku deployed app
